# This Weeks Accomplishments: -- 022816 --

## This Week's Focus:

Getting On Track With Projects, Courses, and Goals

## Things I Did From the List:

- [X] Call Mary Jo
- [X] Set up a Drupal Dev Environment
- [X] Apply for jobs /Apply for CollegeNET  
- [X] Set up Github Goals
- [X] Take Tot to the Park
- [X] Set up personal-goals in terminal
- [X] Take Tot to the Park again
- [X] Make Some Soup
- [X] Homework for Mongo
- [X] Skillcrush Lessons
- [X] Brewpal Meetup
- [X] JS Meetup
- [X] Attend/watch some hack.summit() stuff

## Things I Didn't Get to / Didn't Finish:
- [ ] Call Mom
- [ ] Improve my Portfolio site
- [ ] Use New Template for site
- [ ] Watch next ST:TNG episode
- [ ] Watch Bowie movie
- [ ] Watch movie with Erin
- [ ] Finish React Course
- [ ] Drupal Theming learning

### Additional Things I Did:
- Built site for Tot! :dog: :floppy_disk: :tada:
- Discussed Hack University with Cat
- Phone Interview
- Errands for Erin (such as bringing Amazon return back)
- Grocery shopping
- Saturday Cleaning
- Long walk with Tot
- Met with Bjarke
- Lots of dishes

## Next Week's Focus:
Apply for Jobs, Learn Stuff Strategically, Family Time

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Call Mom
- [ ] Call Mary Jo
- [ ] Set up a date / movie night with Erin
- [ ] Schedule some of my tasks
- [ ] Find and apply for 5 jobs
- [ ] Decide about Hack University
- [ ] Catch up Skillcrush Lessons
- [ ] Finish MongoDB course
- [ ] Way way way clean up the side room
- [ ] Finish React course
- [ ] More Drupal Theming work
- [ ] Wayfinding Academy meeting
- [ ] Take Tot to the Park / on a long walk
- [ ] Take Tot to the Park / on a long walk (again)
- [ ] Make a good mockup for my site
- [ ] Watch a video on my list
- [ ] Watch another video on my list
- [ ] Go see 12 monkeys :monkey:
- [ ] Watch another movie
- [ ] Write a blog post
- [ ] Consider separating out Hard Like Algebra and jimwithington.com as far as blog posting
- [ ] Tally up where i am for 52 movies this year
- [ ] Watch ST:TNG
- [ ] Watch another ST:TNG
- [ ] Add some new feature to Tot site (carousel? auto-post? mask that says Tot over the photo?)
- [ ] Do something interim style with jimwithington.com


### Week in Review

This week was pretty good!  I'm trying to wrap my head around using this as a goals ... thingie and so that is taking some adjusting.  I need to get a bit more of a system going as far as what I am doing when. This is sort of the story of my life but also I think this project gives me a good chance to do that.

I also want to involve other people in my week more. Erin and I didn't get a lot of time together and I also wasn't the best partner over the weekend, so I want to work on that. I added some tasks along those lines.

Finally, I have a lot of stuff to catch up on as far as the Mongo class, Skillcrush class, and React lessons. I need to figure out if that stuff has a priority over the projects I'm helping with. It's a tough balance and I'm still not quite sure.
