# This Weeks Accomplishments: -- 04/03/16 --

## This Week's Focus:

Commit (to projects and decisions), Stay Light, Keep Building

## Things I Did From the List:

- [X] Call Mom
- [X] Call Mary Jo (if possible while she travels)
- [X] Wayfinding work (esp. Tuesday)
- [X] Attend JavaScript meeting
- [X] Attend Creative Mornings
- [X] Meet with Chris
- [X] Practice moderation
- [X] Three good Tot adventures (she can go on my runs, too)
  - [X] 1
  - [X] 2
  - [X] 3
- [X] Continue daily 3
- [X] Pick a day for sideroom cleanup
- [X] Catch up on Skillcrush
- [X] Watch a movie
- [X] Check README daily
- [X] Interview early

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Improve / Revamp Personal Site (maybe with Jekyll?)
- [ ] Run three times
  - [ ] Monday
  - [ ] Wednesday
  - [ ] Friday
- [ ] Meditate twice
  - [ ] 1
  - [ ] 2
- [ ] Bed at 11pm or earlier 3 times
  - [ ] 1
  - [ ] 2
  - [ ] 3
- [ ] Find out how long I have unemployment
- [ ] Re-examine Chris's original email; what still needs doing?
- [ ] Finish HelloTech
- [ ] Start FCC again
- [ ] Watch some TNG
- [ ] More code test stuff

### Additional Things I Did:
- [X] Got a job!
- [X] Met with Chris twice
- [X] went to some meetups
- [X] Taxes
- [X] Treehouse course on REST APIs
- [X] Treehouse work on CSS stuff
- [X] Finished as much wayfinding as possible
- [X] Finished Downton with Erin
- [X] Vacuuming
- [X] Creative mornings

## Next Week's Focus:
Get set up for success: sleep schedule, complete portfolio, and clean the house

## Things I'll do Next Week:

- [ ] Call Mom
- [ ] Call Mary Jo
- [ ] Run three times
  - [ ] Monday
  - [ ] Wednesday
  - [ ] Friday
- [ ] Meditate twice
  - [ ] 1
  - [ ] 2
- [ ] Bed at 11pm or earlier 3 times
  - [ ] 1
  - [ ] 2
  - [ ] 3
- [ ] Complete side room
- [ ] Complete online portfolio
- [ ] Watch some ST:TNG
- [ ] Lots of Treehouse CSS work
- [ ] Finish reading CSS book
- [ ] Buy jeans
- [ ] Review this on Saturday or Sunday
- [ ] Stay on top of new Skillcrush course
- [ ] meet with Chris; discuss new life with new job
- [ ] fill out student loan shizz

### Week in Review

The past couple of weeks have been pretty up and down and all around due to the job search.  I'm excited to be back on the wagon with learning more CSS, and about to let go of the Wayfinding project for now.

The job is coming, the job is coming!  I'm trying to fight any ahead-of-time jitters since i don't know what i don't know, y'know?

I have been **terrible** about meditating, running, and going to bed at a decent time, so those things need to be paramount this week (especially meditating and sleeping right).

I also need to figure out what I want this project to look like in the coming weeks.  The daily three is going very well for me; the weekly review, less so. Let's see!
